Criminally correct
What is correct?
Miss, you will know when you go back and open it.
The lord has done a lot of heartrending things over the years
Whatever I see
I took pictures quietly
I was thinking that if one day I offended the master
You can have something to protect yourself.
Now that the lady is back
I'll give him to you
But
Miss can take him to the police
You can also take him to threaten the master
Or just throw him away
I only hope
The young lady can decide her own destiny in the future
Ghost
Thank you. Thank you.
Mom, I'm back.
Hey, what did you do last night?
I went home and picked up something
What are you doing with these things?
You found your biological parents